### Product Backlog
* As Jack, who is going to a city completely new to him, I want Planit to regenerate another list of activities, so that I can have a better idea of what kind of personalized plans are available in that city on that day. - Story points: 13 Priority:highest (**Done in sprint3**)
* As Jack, who love self-driven trips, I want Planit to navigate to Google Maps, so that I know how to drive to the next location. - Story points: 8 Priority:high (**Done in sprint3**)
* As Bob, who is going to have a unique experience with Planit, I want to rate the itinerary and leave comments in text, so that Planit can better understand my special taste of activities. - Story points: 5 Priority:medium (**Done in sprint3**)
* As a general user, who wants to use Planit for next trip again, I want to rate the itinerary generated this time, so that I can get better recommendations from Planit next time. - Story points:8 Priority:medium (**Done in sprint3**)
* As Mike, who is going to Los Angeles with my old friend, I want to sync the itinerary generated by Planit with the calendar on my phone, so that it is better for me to visualize things. - Story points: 13 Priority:High (**Done in sprint3**)

* As Jack, a person is already familiar with the current city I live, I want to set specific filters so that I can get some unique experience. - Story points: 8, Priority:very high (**Done in sprint2**)
* As Bob, a person who is tired of attending normal activities, I want to edit any activities in the list generated by Planit, so that I can attend the activities I like the most. - Story points: 3 Priority: medium (**Done in sprint2**)
* As Bob, a person did not have anything planned for the trip to the small villages in Yellowknife, I want Planit to generate a list of activities that really meets my expectation. - Story points: 20 Priority:very high (**Done in sprint2**)

* As a general user, I want to sign up and log in with my email or google account so that I can have personalized content. - Story points: 8,  Priority: medium (**Done in sprint1**)
* As Bob, a graduate student, I want to save my preferences as sports and movies, so that I can check my preferences later. - Story points: 5, Priority:high (**Done in sprint1**)
* As Jack, a person who wants to travel to other places, I want to choose the location for my next trip, which is in 10 days so that I can plan my trip ahead. - Story points: 5, Priority:medium (**Done in sprint1**)

* As Mike, who love to see the map beforehand, I want Planit to show all the destinations of upcoming activities in an in-app map, so that I can better organize the trip. - Story points: 8 Priority:low (**Droped**)
* As Mike, who decide to go to Madame Tussauds Wax Museum after seeing the activity list generated by Planit, I want Planit to help me with the purchase of 2 tickets, so that we don’t have to line up for tickets. - Story points: 5 Priority:very low (**Droped**)
* As Mike, without any knowledge of Los Angeles, I want to know the start time and location of some popular activities.  As well as the open hours for some famous attractions, so that I can plan my trip with a sensible pace. - Story points: 13, Priority:low (**Droped**)
* As Jack, a huge fan of basketball in Toronto, I want to add an activity at a specific time and place so that schedule generated will include an activity I wanted to attend, for example,  Raptor’s game at 7:00PM Oct.10th at Scotiabank Arena. - Story points: 3 Priority:very low (**Droped**)

